# Privay Policy

<p class="text-muted-foreground">Last updated: February 01, 2024</p>

This privacy notice for Piclockr ("**we**," "**us**," or "**our**"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use,
and/or share ("**process**") your information when you use our services ("**Services**"), such as when you:

-   Visit our website at [https://www.piclockr.com](https://www.piclockr.com/), or any website of ours that links to
    this privacy notice

-   Engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events

**Questions or concerns?** Reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. If you
do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you still have any questions or
concerns, please contact us at privacy@piclockr.com.

<br />
## SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS

**_This summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics
by clicking the link following each key point or by using our_** [**_table of contents_**](#toc) **_below to find the
section you are looking for._**

**What personal information do we process?** When you visit, use, or navigate our Services, we may process personal
information depending on how you interact with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features
you use. Learn more about [personal information you disclose to us](#personalinfo).

**Do we process any sensitive personal information?** We do not process sensitive personal information.

**Do we receive any information from third parties?** We do not receive any information from third parties.

**How do we process your information?** We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services,
communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information
for other purposes with your consent. We process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. Learn
more about [how we process your information](#infouse).

**In what situations and with which parties do we share personal information?** We may share information in specific
situations and with specific third parties. Learn more about
[when and with whom we share your personal information](#whoshare).

**How do we keep your information safe?** We have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to
protect your personal information. However, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage
technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other
unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your
information. Learn more about [how we keep your information safe](#infosafe).

**What are your rights?** Depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you
have certain rights regarding your personal information. Learn more about [your privacy rights](#privacyrights).

**How do you exercise your rights?** The easiest way to exercise your rights is by visiting privacy@piclockr.com, or by
contacting us. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

Want to learn more about what we do with any information we collect? [Review the privacy notice in full](#toc).

<br />
<h2 id="toc">TABLE OF CONTENTS</h2>

[1\. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?](#infocollect)

[2\. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?](#infouse)

[3\. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?](#legalbases)

[4\. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?](#whoshare)

[5\. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?](#intltransfers)

[6\. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?](#inforetain)

[7\. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?](#infosafe)

[8\. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?](#infominors)

[9\. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#privacyrights)

[10\. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES](#DNT)

[11\. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?](#policyupdates)

[12\. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)

[13\. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?](#request)

<br />
<h3 id="infocollect">1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?</h3>
<h4 id="personalinfo">Personal information you disclose to us</h4>
**_In Short:_** _We collect personal information that you provide to us._

We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you register on the Services, express an
interest in obtaining information about us or our products and Services, when you participate in activities on the
Services, or otherwise when you contact us.

**Personal Information Provided by You.** The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your
interactions with us and the Services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. The personal
information we collect may include the following:

-   email addresses

**Sensitive Information.** We do not process sensitive information.

**Payment Data.** We may collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment
instrument number, and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by Paddle.
You may find their privacy notice link(s) here: https://www.paddle.com/legal/privacy.

All personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any
changes to such personal information.

#### Information automatically collected

**_In Short:_** _Some information — such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and/or browser and device
characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our Services._

We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the Services. This information does not
reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such
as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device
name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Services, and other technical information. This
information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Services, and for our internal analytics
and reporting purposes.

The information we collect includes:

-   _Log and Usage Data_. Log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our
    servers automatically collect when you access or use our Services and which we record in log files. Depending on how
    you interact with us, this log data may include your IP address, device information, browser type, and settings and
    information about your activity in the Services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and
    files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such
    as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).
-   _Device Data_. We collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you
    use to access the Services. Depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your IP
    address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model,
    Internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
-   _Location Data_. We collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either
    precise or imprecise. How much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to
    access the Services. For example, we may use GPS and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us
    your current location (based on your IP address). You can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either
    by refusing access to the information or by disabling your Location setting on your device. However, if you choose
    to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.

<br />
<h3 id="infouse">2. HOW DO WE PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We process your information to provide, improve, and administer our Services, communicate with you, for
security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. We may also process your information for other purposes with your
consent._

**We process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our Services,
including:**

-   **To facilitate account creation and authentication and otherwise manage user accounts.** We may process your
    information so you can create and log in to your account, as well as keep your account in working order.

-   **To deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user.** We may process your information to provide you with
    the requested service.

-   **To send administrative information to you.** We may process your information to send you details about our
    products and services, changes to our terms and policies, and other similar information.

-   **To send you marketing and promotional communications.** We may process the personal information you send to us for
    our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt out of our marketing
    emails at any time. For more information, see "[WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?](#privacyrights)" below.

-   **To protect our Services.** We may process your information as part of our efforts to keep our Services safe and
    secure, including fraud monitoring and prevention.

-   **To save or protect an individual's vital interest.** We may process your information when necessary to save or
    protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.

<br />
<h3 id="legalbases">3\. WHAT LEGAL BASES DO WE RELY ON TO PROCESS YOUR INFORMATION? </h3>

<u>_**If you are located in the EU or UK, this section applies to you.**_</u>

The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and UK GDPR require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in
order to process your personal information. As such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal
information:

-   **Consent.** We may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal
    information for a specific purpose. You can withdraw your consent at any time. Learn more about
    [withdrawing your consent](#withdrawconsent).

-   **Performance of a Contract.** We may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill
    our contractual obligations to you, including providing our Services or at your request prior to entering into a
    contract with you.

-   **Legitimate Interests.** We may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our
    legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and
    freedoms. For example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:

    -   Send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services

    -   Diagnose problems and/or prevent fraudulent activities

-   **Legal Obligations.** We may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our
    legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our
    legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.

-   **Vital Interests.** We may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital
    interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of
    any person.

<u>**_If you are located in Canada, this section applies to you._**</u>

We may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal
information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). You
can [withdraw your consent](#withdrawconsent) at any time.

In some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your
consent, including, for example:

-   If collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way

-   For investigations and fraud detection and prevention

-   For business transactions provided certain conditions are met

-   If it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance
    claim

-   For identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin

-   If we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse

-   If it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of
    the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a
    contravention of the laws of Canada or a province

-   If disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the
    production of records

-   If it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is
    consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced

-   If the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes

-   If the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations

<br />
<h3 id="whoshare">4\. WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the following
third parties._

We may need to share your personal information in the following situations:

-   **Business Transfers.** We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any
    merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

-   **Business Partners.** We may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products,
    services, or promotions.

<br />
<h3 id="intltransfers">5\. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own._

If you are accessing our Services from outside, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and
processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see
"[WHEN AND WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?](#whoshare)" above), in and other countries.

If you are a resident in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), or Switzerland, then these countries may
not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. However, we
will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and
applicable law.

<br />
<h3 id="inforetain">6\. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy
notice unless otherwise required by law._

We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy
notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal
requirements). No purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than one (1)
months past the termination of the user's account.

When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or
anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored
in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing
until deletion is possible.

<br />
<h3 id="infosafe">7\. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security
measures._

We have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the
security of any personal information we process. However, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information,
no electronic transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to
defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. Although we will do our best to
protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our Services is at your own risk.
You should only access the Services within a secure environment.

<br />
<h3 id="infominors">8\. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age._

We do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. By using the Services, you represent
that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s
use of the Services. If we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we
will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. If you become
aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@piclockr.com.

<br />
<h3 id="privacyrights">9\. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?</h3>

**_In Short:_** _In some regions, such as the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, and
Canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review,
change, or terminate your account at any time._

In some regions (like the EEA, UK, Switzerland and Canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection
laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request
rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; (iv) if applicable, to data
portability; and (v) not to be subject to automated decision-making. In certain circumstances, you may also have the
right to object to the processing of your personal information. You can make such a request by contacting us by using
the contact details provided in the section "[HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)" below.

We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.

If you are located in the EEA or UK and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also
have the right to complain to your
[Member State data protection authority](https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm)
or
[UK data protection authority](https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/data-protection-complaints/data-protection-complaints/).

If you are located in Switzerland, you may contact the
[Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner](https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html).

<u>**Withdrawing your consent:**</u> If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, which may
be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any
time. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section
"[HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)" below or updating your preferences.

However, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal nor, when
applicable law allows, will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful
processing grounds other than consent.

**Opting out of marketing and promotional communications:** You can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional
communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, or by contacting us using the
details provided in the section "[HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?](#contact)" below. You will then be removed
from the marketing lists. However, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages
that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other
non-marketing purposes.

**Account Information**

If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:

-   Log in to your account settings and update your user account.

Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active
databases. However, we may retain some information in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any
investigations, enforce our legal terms and/or comply with applicable legal requirements.

If you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at privacy@piclockr.com.

<br />
<h3 id="DNT">10\. CONTROLS FOR DO-NOT-TRACK FEATURES</h3>

Most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a Do-Not-Track ("DNT") feature or
setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities
monitored and collected. At this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing DNT signals has
been finalized. As such, we do not currently respond to DNT browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically
communicates your choice not to be tracked online. If a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in
the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

<br />
<h3 id="policyupdates">11\. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS NOTICE?</h3>

_**In Short:** Yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws._

We may update this privacy notice from time to time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Revised" date
and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy
notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a
notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your
information.

<br />
<h3 id="contact">12\. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS NOTICE?</h3>

If you have questions or comments about this notice, you may email us at privacy@piclockr.com.

<br />
<h3 id="contact">13\. HOW CAN YOU REVIEW, UPDATE, OR DELETE THE DATA WE COLLECT FROM YOU?</h3>

Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we
collect from you, change that information, or delete it. To request to review, update, or delete your personal
information, please visit: privacy@piclockr.com.
